Project: /blockly/_project.yaml
Book: /blockly/_book.yaml

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[blockly](./blockly.md) &gt; [IFocusableNode](./blockly.ifocusablenode_interface.md) &gt; [canBeFocused](./blockly.ifocusablenode_interface.canbefocused_1_methodsignature.md)

## IFocusableNode.canBeFocused() method

Indicates whether this node allows focus. If this returns false then none of the other IFocusableNode methods will be called.

Note that special care must be taken if implementations of this function dynamically change their return value value over the lifetime of the node as certain environment conditions could affect the focusability of this node's DOM element (such as whether the element has a positive or zero tabindex). Also, changing from a true to a false value while the node holds focus will not immediately change the current focus of the node nor FocusManager's internal state, and thus may result in some of the node's functions being called later on when defocused (since it was previously considered focusable at the time of being focused).

Implementations should generally always return true here unless there are circumstances under which this node should be skipped for focus considerations. Examples may include being disabled, read-only, a purely visual decoration, or a node with no visual representation that must implement this interface (e.g. due to a parent interface extending it). Keep in mind accessibility best practices when determining whether a node should be focusable since even disabled and read-only elements are still often relevant to providing organizational context to users (particularly when using a screen reader).

**Signature:**

```typescript
canBeFocused(): boolean;
```
**Returns:**

boolean

Whether this node can be focused by FocusManager.

