Project: /blockly/_project.yaml
Book: /blockly/_book.yaml

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[blockly](./blockly.md) &gt; [dialog](./blockly.dialog_namespace.md)

## dialog namespace

## Functions

<table><thead><tr><th>

Function


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[alert(message, opt\_callback)](./blockly.dialog_namespace.alert_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Wrapper to window.alert() that app developers may override via setAlert to provide alternatives to the modal browser window.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[confirm(message, callback)](./blockly.dialog_namespace.confirm_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Wrapper to window.confirm() that app developers may override via setConfirm to provide alternatives to the modal browser window.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[prompt(message, defaultValue, callback)](./blockly.dialog_namespace.prompt_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Wrapper to window.prompt() that app developers may override via setPrompt to provide alternatives to the modal browser window. Built-in browser prompts are often used for better text input experience on mobile device. We strongly recommend testing mobile when overriding this.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[setAlert(alertFunction)](./blockly.dialog_namespace.setalert_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Sets the function to be run when Blockly.dialog.alert() is called.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[setConfirm(confirmFunction)](./blockly.dialog_namespace.setconfirm_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Sets the function to be run when Blockly.dialog.confirm() is called.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[setPrompt(promptFunction)](./blockly.dialog_namespace.setprompt_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Sets the function to be run when Blockly.dialog.prompt() is called.

\*\*Important\*\*: When overridding this, be aware that non-native prompt experiences may require managing ephemeral focus in FocusManager. This isn't needed for the native window prompt because it prevents focus from being changed while open.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[setToast(toastFunction)](./blockly.dialog_namespace.settoast_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Sets the function to be run when Blockly.dialog.toast() is called.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[toast(workspace, options)](./blockly.dialog_namespace.toast_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Displays a temporary notification atop the workspace. Blockly provides a default toast implementation, but developers may provide their own via setToast. For simple appearance customization, CSS should be sufficient.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>
