Project: /blockly/_project.yaml
Book: /blockly/_book.yaml

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[blockly](./blockly.md) &gt; [zelos](./blockly.zelos_namespace.md)

## zelos namespace

## Classes

<table><thead><tr><th>

Class


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[BottomRow](./blockly.zelos_namespace.bottomrow_class.md)


</td><td>

An object containing information about what elements are in the bottom row of a block as well as spacing information for the top row. Elements in a bottom row can consist of corners, spacers and next connections.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[ConstantProvider](./blockly.zelos_namespace.constantprovider_class.md)


</td><td>

An object that provides constants for rendering blocks in Zelos mode.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[Drawer](./blockly.zelos_namespace.drawer_class.md)


</td><td>

An object that draws a block based on the given rendering information.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[PathObject](./blockly.zelos_namespace.pathobject_class.md)


</td><td>

An object that handles creating and setting each of the SVG elements used by the renderer.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[Renderer](./blockly.zelos_namespace.renderer_class.md)


</td><td>

The zelos renderer. This renderer emulates Scratch-style and MakeCode-style rendering.

Zelos is the ancient Greek spirit of rivalry and emulation.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[RenderInfo](./blockly.zelos_namespace.renderinfo_class.md)


</td><td>

An object containing all sizing information needed to draw this block.

This measure pass does not propagate changes to the block (although fields may choose to rerender when getSize() is called). However, calling it repeatedly may be expensive.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[RightConnectionShape](./blockly.zelos_namespace.rightconnectionshape_class.md)


</td><td>

An object containing information about the space a right connection shape takes up during rendering.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[StatementInput](./blockly.zelos_namespace.statementinput_class.md)


</td><td>

An object containing information about the space a statement input takes up during rendering.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[TopRow](./blockly.zelos_namespace.toprow_class.md)


</td><td>

An object containing information about what elements are in the top row of a block as well as sizing information for the top row. Elements in a top row can consist of corners, hats, spacers, and previous connections. After this constructor is called, the row will contain all non-spacer elements it needs.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>
