Project: /blockly/_project.yaml
Book: /blockly/_book.yaml

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[blockly](./blockly.md) &gt; [utils](./blockly.utils_namespace.md) &gt; [svgPaths](./blockly.utils_namespace.svgpaths_namespace.md)

## utils.svgPaths namespace

## Functions

<table><thead><tr><th>

Function


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[arc(command, flags, radius, point)](./blockly.utils_namespace.svgpaths_namespace.arc_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Draw an elliptical arc curve. These coordinates are unitless and hence in the user coordinate system. See developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/d\#Elliptical\_Arc\_Curve


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[curve(command, points)](./blockly.utils_namespace.svgpaths_namespace.curve_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Draw a cubic or quadratic curve. See developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/d\#Cubic\_B%C3%A9zier\_Curve These coordinates are unitless and hence in the user coordinate system.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[line(points)](./blockly.utils_namespace.svgpaths_namespace.line_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Draw multiple lines connecting all of the given points in order. This is equivalent to a series of 'l' commands. These coordinates are unitless and hence in the user coordinate system. See developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Tutorial/Paths\#Line\_commands


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[lineOnAxis(command, val)](./blockly.utils_namespace.svgpaths_namespace.lineonaxis_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Draw a horizontal or vertical line. The first argument specifies the direction and whether the given position is relative or absolute. These coordinates are unitless and hence in the user coordinate system. See developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/d\#LineTo\_path\_commands


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[lineTo(dx, dy)](./blockly.utils_namespace.svgpaths_namespace.lineto_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Draw a line from the current point to the end point, which is the current point shifted by dx along the x-axis and dy along the y-axis. These coordinates are unitless and hence in the user coordinate system. See developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Tutorial/Paths\#Line\_commands


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[moveBy(dx, dy)](./blockly.utils_namespace.svgpaths_namespace.moveby_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Move the cursor to the given position without drawing a line. Coordinates are relative. These coordinates are unitless and hence in the user coordinate system. See developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Tutorial/Paths\#Line\_commands


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[moveTo(x, y)](./blockly.utils_namespace.svgpaths_namespace.moveto_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Move the cursor to the given position without drawing a line. The coordinates are absolute. These coordinates are unitless and hence in the user coordinate system. See developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Tutorial/Paths\#Line\_commands


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[point(x, y)](./blockly.utils_namespace.svgpaths_namespace.point_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Create a string representing the given x, y pair. It does not matter whether the coordinate is relative or absolute. The result has leading and trailing spaces, and separates the x and y coordinates with a comma but no space.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>
