Project: /blockly/_project.yaml
Book: /blockly/_book.yaml

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[blockly](./blockly.md) &gt; [ShortcutRegistry](./blockly.shortcutregistry_class.md)

## ShortcutRegistry class

Class for the registry of keyboard shortcuts. This is intended to be a singleton. You should not create a new instance, and only access this class from ShortcutRegistry.registry.

**Signature:**

```typescript
export declare class ShortcutRegistry 
```

## Properties

<table><thead><tr><th>

Property


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Type


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[registry](./blockly.shortcutregistry_class.registry_property.md)


</td><td>

`static`

`readonly`


</td><td>

[ShortcutRegistry](./blockly.shortcutregistry_class.md)


</td><td>


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Methods

<table><thead><tr><th>

Method


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[addKeyMapping(keyCode, shortcutName, allowCollision)](./blockly.shortcutregistry_class.addkeymapping_1_method.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Adds a mapping between a keycode and a keyboard shortcut.

Normally only one shortcut can be mapped to any given keycode, but setting allowCollisions to true allows a keyboard to be mapped to multiple shortcuts. In that case, when onKeyDown is called with the given keystroke, it will process the mapped shortcuts in reverse order, from the most- to least-recently mapped).


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[createSerializedKey(keyCode, modifiers)](./blockly.shortcutregistry_class.createserializedkey_1_method.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Creates the serialized key code that will be used in the key map.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getKeyCodesByShortcutName(shortcutName)](./blockly.shortcutregistry_class.getkeycodesbyshortcutname_1_method.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Gets the serialized key codes that the shortcut with the given name is registered under.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getKeyMap()](./blockly.shortcutregistry_class.getkeymap_1_method.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Gets the current key map.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getRegistry()](./blockly.shortcutregistry_class.getregistry_1_method.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Gets the registry of keyboard shortcuts.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getShortcutNamesByKeyCode(keyCode)](./blockly.shortcutregistry_class.getshortcutnamesbykeycode_1_method.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Gets the shortcuts registered to the given key code.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[onKeyDown(workspace, e)](./blockly.shortcutregistry_class.onkeydown_1_method.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Handles key down events.

- Any `KeyboardShortcut`<!-- -->(s) mapped to the keycodes that cause event `e` to be fired will be processed, in order from least- to most-recently registered. - If the shortcut's `preconditionFn` exists it will be called. If `preconditionFn` returns false the shortcut's `callback` function will be skipped. Processing will continue with the next shortcut, if any. - The shortcut's `callback` function will then be called. If it returns true, processing will terminate and `onKeyDown` will return true. If it returns false, processing will continue with with the next shortcut, if any. - If all registered shortcuts for the given keycode have been processed without any having returned true, `onKeyDown` will return false.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[register(shortcut, allowOverrides)](./blockly.shortcutregistry_class.register_1_method.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Registers a keyboard shortcut.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[removeAllKeyMappings(shortcutName)](./blockly.shortcutregistry_class.removeallkeymappings_1_method.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Removes all the key mappings for a shortcut with the given name. Useful when changing the default key mappings and the key codes registered to the shortcut are unknown.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[removeKeyMapping(keyCode, shortcutName, quiet)](./blockly.shortcutregistry_class.removekeymapping_1_method.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Removes a mapping between a keycode and a keyboard shortcut.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[reset()](./blockly.shortcutregistry_class.reset_1_method.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Clear and recreate the registry and keyMap.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[setKeyMap(newKeyMap)](./blockly.shortcutregistry_class.setkeymap_1_method.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Sets the key map. Setting the key map will override any default key mappings.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[unregister(shortcutName)](./blockly.shortcutregistry_class.unregister_1_method.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Unregisters a keyboard shortcut registered with the given name. This will also remove any key mappings that reference this shortcut.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>
