Project: /blockly/_project.yaml
Book: /blockly/_book.yaml

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[blockly](./blockly.md) &gt; [IMetricsManager](./blockly.imetricsmanager_interface.md)

## IMetricsManager interface

Interface for a metrics manager.

**Signature:**

```typescript
export interface IMetricsManager 
```

## Methods

<table><thead><tr><th>

Method


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[getAbsoluteMetrics()](./blockly.imetricsmanager_interface.getabsolutemetrics_1_methodsignature.md)


</td><td>

Gets the absolute left and absolute top in pixel coordinates. This is where the visible workspace starts in relation to the SVG container.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getContentMetrics(opt\_getWorkspaceCoordinates)](./blockly.imetricsmanager_interface.getcontentmetrics_1_methodsignature.md)


</td><td>

Gets content metrics in either pixel or workspace coordinates. The content area is a rectangle around all the top bounded elements on the workspace (workspace comments and blocks).


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getFlyoutMetrics(opt\_own)](./blockly.imetricsmanager_interface.getflyoutmetrics_1_methodsignature.md)


</td><td>

Gets the width and the height of the flyout in pixel coordinates. By default, will get metrics for either a simple flyout (owned directly by the workspace) or for the flyout owned by the toolbox. If you pass `opt_own` as `true` then only metrics for the simple flyout will be returned, and it will return 0 for the width and height if the workspace has a category toolbox instead of a simple toolbox.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getMetrics()](./blockly.imetricsmanager_interface.getmetrics_1_methodsignature.md)


</td><td>

Returns an object with all the metrics required to size scrollbars for a top level workspace. The following properties are computed: Coordinate system: pixel coordinates, -left, -up, +right, +down .viewHeight: Height of the visible portion of the workspace. .viewWidth: Width of the visible portion of the workspace. .contentHeight: Height of the content. .contentWidth: Width of the content. .svgHeight: Height of the Blockly div (the view + the toolbox, simple or otherwise), .svgWidth: Width of the Blockly div (the view + the toolbox, simple or otherwise), .viewTop: Top-edge of the visible portion of the workspace, relative to the workspace origin. .viewLeft: Left-edge of the visible portion of the workspace, relative to the workspace origin. .contentTop: Top-edge of the content, relative to the workspace origin. .contentLeft: Left-edge of the content relative to the workspace origin. .absoluteTop: Top-edge of the visible portion of the workspace, relative to the blocklyDiv. .absoluteLeft: Left-edge of the visible portion of the workspace, relative to the blocklyDiv. .toolboxWidth: Width of the toolbox, if it exists. Otherwise zero. .toolboxHeight: Height of the toolbox, if it exists. Otherwise zero. .flyoutWidth: Width of the flyout if it is always open. Otherwise zero. .flyoutHeight: Height of the flyout if it is always open. Otherwise zero. .toolboxPosition: Top, bottom, left or right. Use TOOLBOX\_AT constants to compare.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getScrollMetrics(opt\_getWorkspaceCoordinates, opt\_viewMetrics, opt\_contentMetrics)](./blockly.imetricsmanager_interface.getscrollmetrics_1_methodsignature.md)


</td><td>

Returns the metrics for the scroll area of the workspace.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getSvgMetrics()](./blockly.imetricsmanager_interface.getsvgmetrics_1_methodsignature.md)


</td><td>

Gets the width and height of the workspace's parent SVG element in pixel coordinates. This area includes the toolbox and the visible workspace area.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getToolboxMetrics()](./blockly.imetricsmanager_interface.gettoolboxmetrics_1_methodsignature.md)


</td><td>

Gets the width, height and position of the toolbox on the workspace in pixel coordinates. Returns 0 for the width and height if the workspace has a simple toolbox instead of a category toolbox. To get the width and height of a simple toolbox, see [IMetricsManager.getFlyoutMetrics()](./blockly.imetricsmanager_interface.getflyoutmetrics_1_methodsignature.md)<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getUiMetrics()](./blockly.imetricsmanager_interface.getuimetrics_1_methodsignature.md)


</td><td>

Returns common metrics used by UI elements.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getViewMetrics(opt\_getWorkspaceCoordinates)](./blockly.imetricsmanager_interface.getviewmetrics_1_methodsignature.md)


</td><td>

Gets the metrics for the visible workspace in either pixel or workspace coordinates. The visible workspace does not include the toolbox or flyout.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>
