Project: /blockly/_project.yaml
Book: /blockly/_book.yaml

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[blockly](./blockly.md) &gt; [utils](./blockly.utils_namespace.md) &gt; [style](./blockly.utils_namespace.style_namespace.md)

## utils.style namespace

## Functions

<table><thead><tr><th>

Function


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[getBorderBox(element)](./blockly.utils_namespace.style_namespace.getborderbox_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Gets the computed border widths (on all sides) in pixels Copied from Closure's goog.style.getBorderBox


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getComputedStyle(element, property)](./blockly.utils_namespace.style_namespace.getcomputedstyle_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Retrieves a computed style value of a node. It returns empty string if the property requested is an SVG one and it has not been explicitly set (firefox and webkit).

Copied from Closure's goog.style.getComputedStyle


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getContainerOffsetToScrollInto(element, container, opt\_center)](./blockly.utils_namespace.style_namespace.getcontaineroffsettoscrollinto_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Calculate the scroll position of `container` with the minimum amount so that the content and the borders of the given `element` become visible. If the element is bigger than the container, its top left corner will be aligned as close to the container's top left corner as possible. Copied from Closure's goog.style.getContainerOffsetToScrollInto


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getPageOffset(el)](./blockly.utils_namespace.style_namespace.getpageoffset_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Returns a Coordinate object relative to the top-left of the HTML document. Similar to Closure's goog.style.getPageOffset


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getSize(element)](./blockly.utils_namespace.style_namespace.getsize_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Gets the height and width of an element. Similar to Closure's goog.style.getSize


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getViewportPageOffset()](./blockly.utils_namespace.style_namespace.getviewportpageoffset_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Calculates the viewport coordinates relative to the document. Similar to Closure's goog.style.getViewportPageOffset


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[scrollIntoContainerView(element, container, opt\_center)](./blockly.utils_namespace.style_namespace.scrollintocontainerview_1_function.md)


</td><td>

Changes the scroll position of `container` with the minimum amount so that the content and the borders of the given `element` become visible. If the element is bigger than the container, its top left corner will be aligned as close to the container's top left corner as possible. Copied from Closure's goog.style.scrollIntoContainerView


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Variables

<table><thead><tr><th>

Variable


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[TEST\_ONLY](./blockly.utils_namespace.style_namespace.test_only_variable.md)


</td><td>


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>
